PORT-11075 | Gitlab Integration strictly uses advanced search type (#1702)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/gitlab/gitlab.md

For example, say you want to manage your `package.json` files in Port. One option is to create a `manifest` blueprint, with each of its entities representing a `package.json` file.

> :::info Note  

Reviewer: change the title to something more informative than "Note"

> The `file` kind follows  [GitLab's Advanced Search type](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/search/advanced_search.html#:~:text=Advanced%20search%20is%20based%20on,Projects/) with strict adherence to its syntax, limitations, and capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `file` kind follows [GitLab's Advanced Search type](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/search/advanced_search.html#:~:text=Advanced%20search%20is%20based%20on,Projects/), adhering to its syntax, limitations, and capabilities.
```

- GLOB patterns are supported for file pattern matching, but wildcards at the end (e.g., `**/*`) are not allowed, in order to prevent matching all files indiscriminately.
- Currently only the default branch of the repository is supported.

> For a list of known limitations with GitLab’s Advanced Search, see GitLab's [Advanced Search documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/search/advanced_search.html#known-issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of known limitations with GitLab’s Advanced Search, see GitLab's [Advanced Search documentation](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/search/advanced_search.html#known-issues).
```
